[Intro]
Hi there I'm Bria.
I just wanted to start off by saying thank you for taking the time to watch this video.
Obviously it would have been a lot nicer to be doing this in person,
but I'm just going to answer a couple of questions so you can get to know me a bit better,
and that way we can connect virtually.
[What inspired you to pursue graphic design?]
I was inspired to pursue graphic design.
After I explored two different career paths, the first one was interior decorating.
The second was, event management and. Yeah, well, ultimately drew me to graphic design was the voice that you have creatively.
Um, just being able to express yourself, but also solve problems in a meaningful way.
I think that that's a huge responsibility for graphic designers. Just contributing to better solutions for a better world.
[What is your unique selling point as a designer?]
Illustration and hand lettering. Um, illustration is something that I've always loved ever since I've been a kid.
And I never truly believed that I could create a solid career in illustration or art.
So that's something that I'm very grateful to be able to apply to my career and my work life now.
Another unique selling point that I have would be, my love for sustainability, my passion for sustainability.
I really want to learn more about sustainable graphic design and sustainable package design.
So knowing that those are things that I want to work toward and continue my learning, I think are really good goals for myself.
And another unique selling point would be my like determination, I guess, to always keep expanding my personal development.
I'm always very interested in self-help books. Self-improvement podcasts. I'll listen to Brene Brown all day long.
[Where do you see yourself in 5 years?]
In five years, I can see myself being on a path to becoming a creative director or an art director.
I very much gravitate to leadership roles. Um, I have strong communication skills.
I'm determined. I'm a team player and I have good decision-making skills.
So, I think that having experience as a creative director would be something that I'm very interested in.
Thank you again for taking the time to watch this video and I hope we can talk soon. Bye.
[Outro]